He may have a bad rep on campus due to the intensity of his courses. I personally have to say that; although I received a C in 311, I will seek another course with him. One slip on a project will cost a letter grade. Bottom line, start on projects early, seek help on campus for good study habits and take advantage of office hours. He cares if u do.
Only advice: Learn to use MOSS Stanford by registering for it. It is not too bad. I fooled him and he does not know anything about anything. Just acts smart and scares students but if you check, he has extremely superficial knowledge of CS. Also, I have heard that he steals research papers and ideas off his grad students. Beware of this guy!!!!
Learn to use MOSS and work with friends. There are more than 300 people in class and absolutely impossible for him to catch and look at everyone's code. I used MOSS last semester with my 5 friends and all of us ended up getting A's. Also make an effort to not get noticed in anything. Just work silently and you would get 100s in all the assignments.
McDaniel wants you to do things his way. While he is indeed an excellent lecturer, he has such a strict policy about homework. To pass this class and complete the unbearable homework, either visit his office every two days or work with other students and use MOSS. He keeps talking about the industry yet makes you complete an entire project alone.
He did not design his homeworks on his own and continues to use the homework concept his TA- Devin Pohly designed. He literally has superficial knowledge and is extremely arrogant for no reason whatsoever. He brags a lot. On digging his background, he comes from some unknown Ball State University. May Christ save you from this self-obsessed snob.
This was one of the most difficult courses I took at Penn State. At the same time, I learned the most as well. Professor McDaniel is an extremely good teacher but his assignments are extremely tough. He is a busy guy so you don't get to see him a lot.
I went and asked him for some help with some C code. He explained to me that he did not really write code any more and forgot how pointers worked. Uhm, what?
Dr. McDaniel was my favorite professor. Tests and projects are difficult, but really just require time. Put in the time necessary and you will have no problem with this class. Really great guy.
McDaniel is by far the best professor I've ever had. A class taught by him is a must-take. That being said, he is a tough grader and he most definitely makes you work for the grade. My advice for this class: start assignments early and go to office hours with code already written, go to class and participate, and read lectures thoroughly for exams.
Was one of the hardest cmpsci classes taken so far in my career at pennstate. Projects take hours on end to finish, my one word of advise would be attend as much help sessions and office hours as you can. It's okay if you don't know where to start Professor McDaniel helps you a lot and pushes you in the right direction, also attend alot of lectures
This class by far the hardest CMPSC class I ever took. His projects are INSANE. You will likely be spending hours (or maybe days) doing it if you know what you are doing. However, he was lenient on the deadlines as he pushed it back further and held numerous help sessions. If you do hard work, participate, and make progress then you will do good.
Great class, I learned more in this class than i did my entire freshman and sophomore year. If you are easily offended and do not find swearing amusing then try another teacher. I found him hilarious and able to keep my attention even though the material was very complex.
Gives a very hard class, but will go to the ends of the earth to help you do well.
If you're not willing to put in the effort, you'll have a horrible time. He understands you're students, and he wants you to learn, but also that you would like to have some sort of life ( he moved a project because it was homecoming!) Great lectures, and the projects actually mean something, not the nonsense from 121 and 122.
Awful professor, yells at students. not letting me pass because he did not remember me. why? i am a quiet guy. I got 380 on homework, and total is 400, and homework is 50% of the total grade. and not bad on exams, sufficient to earn at least C or even better, but i got D. if u are taking his class, slap his face and make sure he could remember u
He is intimidating, but is a very good teacher. His lectures are interesting and he can usually gauge if the class needs something to be repeated for clarification. He challenges you to think and question everything that people tell you. If you pay attention in class and do the work, you'll learn a lot in his class.
McDaniel is definitely a tough professor but that is because he wants you to actually LEARN, which you wont do if everything is handed to you. He genuinely wants his students to understand the material and will help you if you reach out to him.
He is one of the best professors I ever had. The class is tough, but I gained so much from it. I truly grew as a programmer from him. He wants you to learn the material and understand it rather than just memorize it for the semester. He really challenges you but when you leave this class you will be a better programmer.
Overall great professor, who truly cares about his students' understanding of the knowledge. You will learn Systems Programming concepts well. We wrote an application-space Device Driver throughout the course, which included cache implementation and Server/Client calls over a Network. You will get out of this class what you put into it!
One of my favorite professors at Penn State! Really loves what he teaches and does his best to help students. People complain that he's hard when they don't want to put in the effort. Tough professor, but I'm taking a lot away from this course. Recommend taking this class with him! Very helpful at office hours - he holds help sessions as well
