He is a nice guy, but never a nice teacher. I literally learned everything from YouTube and textbook. It doesn't matter whether you come to the class or not, either way you will learn nothing. However, never skip his slides. He responds to emails very quickly although you can barely understand his explanation. Try to ask TA if you don't understand.
Homework descriptions are vague, though 90%+ of students get full scores because of extra credits. Recitations are hard, but again, many students get full scores for that. I stopped going to his 8 am class after the second week and only study his lecture slides because I feel it unnecessary at all. Though he gave real good responses to my emails.:/
Christman is knowledgeable, but that means next to nothing when it comes to being a good teacher. No social/communication skills. Bad at teaching, look for outside help from either peers or TA's in order to do well. Undoubtedly the worst professor I've ever had -- but, you can do well in the course if you learn to teach yourself the material.
Poor instructor, lectures are basically him talking out loud about what he's thinking on whatever topic. Homeworks are a nightmare, they're so poorly worded you literally will not know what he wants you to do - Recitations are the same. Exams are reasonable if you study and the course material is well laid out in Canvas.
Christmas seems to be intelligent when it comes to Comp Sci, but he is horrible at teaching the material. The worst part about the class is that his assignments are very vague and he gives very vague responses when asked a question. His TAs are usually no different. If you don't go to office hours, you likely won't pass.
The class is awful. The only time available for class is at 8 am (unless that changes), and he reads verbatim whats on his slides. This is the weed-out class for CMPSC Engineers. He's super awkward and doesn't understand personal space if you ask a question. Best part is you don't have another option. He gives extra credit in homework and exams.
DO NOT be discouraged if you get low marks early in the semester. Tests and recitations get much easier later. Don't slack on hw, work hard on them and get 85-100s. He passed a lot of students who shouldn't've, (they got 20% on first exam, 67-ish overall), so unless you get REALLY low grades, don't despair. Have faith in yourself, study hard! :D
This class is inherently very difficult considering it's data structures. Make sure you understand what is being taught whether you attend lectures or not. Office hours are really helpful, it is definitely worth going. Master the current week's material, don't lag behind and you should be good.
