Not to bash this professor , but this class sucks. Not the best lectures. She can be very rude when you ask questions. If you ask a question, she will not be helpful and say to check the text book, or simply say, &quot;You should know this already.&quot; This class is FAR more difficult than she needs to make it. Try this class with a different professor.
I didn't find Quick to be such a bad choice after all, at least online anyway. The class went by super fast. She uploaded 5 to 9, 25-min videos weekly, which were a drag to watch because she didn't cut off the parts where she makes mistakes in the code and has to start over. She provides lousy feedback. However, I did learn a lot and loved coding.
201 starts out relatively easy, but it gets difficult towards the end. The lectures are boring and unhelpful. You're better off just reading and doing practice problems from the textbook. Also, ask the TAs for help on projects and labs as Quick will most likely just yell at you if you ask her a question.
This professor makes this class much more difficult than it needs to be. It's supposed to be an introductory class to computer science for engineers however, it actually requires its students to show mastery of the material beyond the level this class actually demands. She's also unapproachable and will reprimand you for certain questions you ask.
Dr. Quick is the least respectable and worst professor at Penn State, and students are forced into her class because there are no other teachers. The class is not difficult, but Dr. Quick gets some sick satisfaction in making the class harder than it needs to be. She also writes the ugliest code I've ever seen which makes tests difficult.
Come to class and you'll most likely do well in the class. There's nothing fancy about computer science. It's very logical, so if you're a logical person it'll be an easier class for you. Dr. Quick is very good with this logic and thus she puts a lot of trick questions on tests so you have to know your stuff. Listen in class and you'll pass.
This class was pretty easy. The material is simple and logical. The exams are easy if you study the checkpoint questions in the textbook. Homework can be challenging and she grades hard, but if you work hard it's easy to pass. Definitely get on her good side or else you will get yelled at frequently. Work hard and that is easy to do.
Office Hour is awful!!!
I guess most people will have a class taught by Quick considering the CMPSC curriculum. This class is basically memorization for the exams. The homework assignments are not crazy hard but challenging for new coders. Make sure you have friends taking the class with you. In recitation, ask for help as much as possible. They are hard.
Do not take her class if you are learning the material for the first tuime
Doesn't know how to teach and has really really tough assignments. Change your major if you have her class at all. Makes an intro class a fourth year class!
She abuses her power as a teacher for her own satisfaction.
She's honestly the worst. Super rude. If you ask a question in lab, she'll yell at you for not knowing the answer. Lectures are super boring. Tons of homework, even if you have an exam that week. Most annoying class I've taken. 0/10 would not recommend.
This is expected to be an introductory course, but isn't taught like one. Basic knowledge is expected. Spends a lot of time explaining material students aren't allowed to use. Doesn't answer questions well. Exams are pathetically difficult. She is pretty rude during office hours and will tell you to "go read the book". Waste of time.
She is a very good and caring teacher. She takes time to explain all the stuff related to the course.
No doubt the most terrible professor in Penn State. I didn't have any programming background for this course. Dr. Quick gives the most terrible lectures that never sticks and provides resources that is close to nothing. She expects the students to go into a 40 question exam when she provides 20 practice questions. Please please avoid her if u can.
She is a very tough grader and starts heavy from the first class itself. If you dont have prior coding experience like I did, you're in for a very tiresome class.
She gives everyone 2% extra credits and 2% for each exam for the total of 8% extra credits. 'A' also cuts at 92%. If you read the book, review all of clicker question (she will post all question before the exam) and do all the exercises at the back of the book (she provides the solution) , you should not have problem getting 'A' in this class.
Clickers. Multiple choice test questions are all trick questions; don't catch the trick you're screwed. A lot points lost on projects. We got a project grade back the day before late drop, a lot of people dropped because of this project grade, sent out an email after late drop saying she was giving most of the points back, and this was a "warning"
Easily the worst "teacher" I've ever had. Took off many extra points when grades were questioned. She will give a perfectly working program an F. She is the only professor I've done SRTE's for, just so that I could give her all 0's. Words can't express how much I loathe this professor. If there's any way to avoid her, do it.
